[docs] Cloud Reorganize Deploy (#10706)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/yugabyte-cloud/cloud-connect/connect-cloud-shell.md

Use HELP for help.
admin@ycqlsh:yugabyte> 
```

If you enter an incorrect password, the cloud shell session is terminated immediately and you must start a new session.

Once connected, one or more entries for the cloud shell session are added to the cluster IP allow list. After the session is closed, these are cleaned up automatically within five minutes.

{{< tip title="Cloud shell limitations" >}}

Cloud shell is updated regularly. Check the [known issues list](../../release-notes/#known-issues-in-cloud-shell) in the release notes for the most-current list of limitations and known issues.

{{< /tip >}}

## Related information

- [YSQL API](../../../api/ysql) — Reference for supported YSQL statements, data types, functions, and operators.
- [YCQL API](../../../api/ycql) — Reference for supported YCQL statements, data types, functions, and operators.
- [ysqlsh](../../../admin/ysqlsh) — Overview of the command line interface (CLI), syntax, and commands.
- [ycqlsh](../../../admin/ycqlsh) — Overview of the command line interface (CLI), syntax, and commands.

## Next steps

- [Create a database](../create-databases)
- [Add database users](../add-users/)

> - [Connect an application](../connect-application)

Reviewer: Broken link.

---
title: Connect using cloud shell
linkTitle: From a browser
description: Connect to Yugabyte Cloud clusters from any browser using the cloud shell
headcontent:
image: /images/section_icons/deploy/enterprise.png
menu:
  latest:
    identifier: connect-cloud-shell
    parent: cloud-connect
    weight: 10
isTocNested: true
showAsideToc: true
---

> Use any browser to connect to Yugabyte Cloud by using the cloud shell. Cloud shell does not require a CA certificate or any special network access configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use any browser to connect to Yugabyte Cloud by using the cloud shell. Cloud shell doesn't require a CA certificate or any special network access configured.
```

You have the option of using the following command line interfaces (CLIs) in the cloud shell:

> - [ysqlsh](../../../admin/ysqlsh/) - YSQL shell for interacting with YugabyteDB using the [YSQL API](../../../api/ysql)

Reviewer: period? also on the next line.
